When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Show that formulas are instructions for Excel.
Say: equals means Excel, please work this out.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Type =2+3, press Enter, then change the numbers and try again.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type a formula to add 2 and 3.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Return to iLearn, mark the lesson complete, and open the certificate together.
Staff will ask you what you are most proud of.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.